{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ri-1170\kerning1\b\f0\fs24 NAGU KOTTA    \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab          \b0\fs18 Email    : {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:kotta.php@gmail.com" }}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul kotta.php@gmail.com}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs18\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi4140\li180\tab\tab            Mobile  :  08904312496\tab          \par
\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf3\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7620\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx0\ul\i\par
SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCE\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\ulnone\i0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\qj Having 6+ years of experience in development & delivery of high-performance, cost-effective, technology solutions to meet challenging business demands and 1+ years of experience in Web design. My experience involves designing, developing and managing software using PHP and also integrating API\rquote s for various web applications. Working in innovative and performance driven assignments has been my all time passion.\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx0\ul\b\i\par
\b0\par
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ulnone\i0\fs20\par
\pard Previous Employer :     \fs18 Working as a \b Software Engineer \b0 in \b V2Soft Private Limited \b0 (\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.v2soft." }}{\fldrslt{www.v2soft.}}}\f0\fs18 com\cf0\ulnone ) from june-2015 to April-2017 .\par
\fs20\par
Previous Employer : \fs18 Working as a \b Software Engineer \b0 in \b United Software Groups \b0 (\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.usgrpinc." }}{\fldrslt{www.usgrpinc.}}}\f0\fs18 in\cf0\ulnone ) from May-2012 to june-2015.\line\fs20\par
Previous Employer:    \fs18 Worked as a \b Software Engineer \b0 in \b Vsplash Techlabs Private Limited\b0 . Hyderabad (\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.vsplash.com" }}{\fldrslt{www.vsplash.com}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs18 ) from May-2011 to April 2012.\line\fs20\par
Previous Employer:    \fs18 Worked as a \b Software Engineer \b0 in \b Marvel Minds Software Solutions Pvt\b0 . Ltd, Tanuku (\cf1\ul{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.marvelminds.in"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.marvelminds.in}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs18 ) from june -2009 to April-2011.\fs20\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx0\tx6690\ul\i\fs18\line EDUCATION PROFILE\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ulnone\i0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa240\qj Bachelor Degree (computers) from Andhra University (2003-2006), Visakhapatnam.\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\tx0\ul\i\par
TECHNICAL SKILLS PROFILE\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ulnone\i0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab Programming Languages\tab :\tab PHP \par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab Framework\tab\tab\tab :\tab Codeigniter, Smarty template engine , \par
                                                               Social engine\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab Scripting Languages\tab\tab :\tab HTML, JavaScript , Jquery, CSS\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab Web Servers\tab\tab\tab :          WAMP, XAAMP and Apache \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\tx0\tx720\tx4320\f1\'b7\f0\tab Application Programming Interface:      Pay Pal \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\tx720\tx2880\tx3060\f1\'b7\f0\tab Web designing tool \tab\tab\tab :\tab Macromedia Dreamweaver MX, Blue Fish\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab Databases\tab\tab\tab :\tab MySQL, Oracle 10g\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab Software Skills                    \fs22     \fs18 :          Photoshop, flash\par
\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab Operating Systems                  :           Windows 2000, Linux ubuntu\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\tx0\par
\par
\ul\b\fs20 PROJECTS PROFILE\par
\par
\par
\ulnone HRMS (\cf2\lang9 Human Resource Management System\cf0\lang1033 ) # 1 :\par
\fs18 Environment :\b0  PHP, Codeigniter, MYSQL, Jquery, CSS, Apache server, HTML\par
\par
\pard\cbpat4\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\b\fs20 Description : HRMS \cf2\lang9\kerning0\b0\fs18 provides HR department the ability to effectively manage and maintain all employee related information such as employee\rquote s personal information, project info, salary details, appraisal and benefits info. The product also offers customizable reports generation, audit logs and admin module.\lang1033\par
\pard\cbpat4\lang9 The purpose of the document is to define the high level design of the\~\b HRMS\b0\~Application. This document includes a high-level architecture diagram showing the components, interfaces and communication channels that will be needed in the application and also the flow of control ` the modules of the application. It also describes brief consideration of all significant commercial, legal, environmental, security, safety and technical risks, issues and assumptions.\lang1033\par
\lang9 The User role's are Project Managers, Team Leads, Application Developers and also Testers.\lang1033\par
\lang9 The outcome of the development process will be web-based software known as \ldblquote\b HRMS\b0\rdblquote . This application will provide a web-based interface to streamline employee resources management by providing HR department with a user friendly and effective\~\b HRMS\b0\~system.\par
\par
\b\f2\fs24 HRMS\b0\~Application has following features:\lang1033\f3\fs19\par
\pard\cbpat4\fi-360\li945\tx720\lang9\f4\fs20\'b7\tab\f2\fs24 Authentication (Login/logout)\lang1033\f3\fs19\par
\pard\cbpat4\fi-360\li945\lang9\f4\fs20\'b7\tab\f2\fs24 Employee Management\lang1033\f3\fs19\par
\lang9\f4\fs20\'b7\tab\f2\fs24 Search Functionality\lang1033\f3\fs19\par
\lang9\f4\fs20\'b7\tab\f2\fs24 Home\lang1033\f3\fs19\par
\lang9\f4\fs20\'b7\tab\f2\fs24 Admin Module\lang1033\f3\fs19\par
\lang9\f4\fs20\'b7\tab\f2\fs24 Reports\lang1033\f3\fs19\par
\lang9\f4\fs20\'b7\tab\f2\fs24 Activity log\lang1033\f3\fs19\par
\lang9\f4\fs20\'b7\tab\f2\fs24 History\lang1033\f3\fs19\par
\lang9\f4\fs20\'b7\tab\f2\fs24 HRMS and EmployMe Dependencies\lang1033\f3\fs19\par
\pard\cbpat4\li945\par
\pard\cbpat4\cf0\kerning1\b\f0\fs18 Team: \b0 5 Members\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\b Responsibilities:\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj\tx0\tx720\b0 Programmer for the development and deliveries of the product to our team of 5.\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\tx0 Designed, developed, coded, tested and debugged system requirements for the purpose of conversions and development projects.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Handled the tasks of developing and creating PHP ,MYSQL, Jquery applications as per the specifications. \par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\tx0\tx720 Unit testing and integration testing.\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\tx0 Maintenance and supporting the application.\par
\pard\cbpat4{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\cf2\kerning0\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sb240\tx0\cf0\kerning1\tab\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\b\fs20 Holliday Packages Module \fs18 # 2 \fs20 : \line\line\fs18 Environment :\b0  PHP, Codeigniter, MYSQL, Jquery, CSS, Apache server, HTML\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ri-180\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20\line Description : \b0\fs18 I have implemented a packages module, which involves tours & packages detailed description. We have provided an option to select customer package from a selected city along with pickup and drop details. We also provided an option for recommends services like extra site seeing's and add-on services for all customers. Before package booking we provide detailed information about particular package its mean duration of package, cost of package, hotel information, Travel details, day wise programs and food details etc. This module is compatible for re-usability options for any other tourism websites.\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\line\b Team: \b0 1 Members\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ri-180\qj\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf6\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\b Responsibilities:\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\tx0\b0 Involved in back-end and front-end coding phases of this module.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Designed, developed, coded, tested and debugged system requirements for the purpose of conversions and development projects.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Handled the tasks of developing and creating PHP MYSQL applications as per the specifications. \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ri-180\qj\par
\pard\hyphpar0\sl360\slmult1\tx720\par
 \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\b\par
Project # 3           : \expndtw2 Stream Travels\expndtw0\b0\fs24    \par
\b\fs18\par
Client\tab                   : Martin\b0 , US. \par
\par
\b Environment:\b0  PHP, Codeigniter, MYSQL, Jquery, Ajax, CSS, Apache server, HTML\par
\par
\pard\hyphpar0\sl360\slmult1\tx720\b Description\b0 : Stream Travels is a travel portal it provides the detailed information of Buses, Hotels, based on city and location. User can book bus tickets, and search hotels based on his requirements.  Hotels like area wise, amenities wise, stars and price . We used Travel api, Hotels-Pro APIs.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ri-180\sl276\slmult1\qj\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\b\par
Team: \b0 2 Members\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\b Responsibilities:\par
\ul\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\tx0\tx720\ulnone Analysis of the Requirements.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Demonstrating good understanding of the product.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Involving Coding & Designing.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Unit testing and integration testing.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Maintenance and supporting the application.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl360\slmult1\qj\b\line\pard URL: \b0\fs20{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.streamtravelsllc.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul www.streamtravelsllc.com}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\par
\fs18\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\par
\par
\par
\b Project #4       :  AGPEST\par
\b0\par
\lang1036\b Client               :  \b0 Agricultural Pest Contro Inc, USA\par
\b\par
\lang1033 Environment   :\b0  PHP, MYSQL, JavaScript, CSS, HTML Templates And Apache server.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\qj\b Description      : \b0 On-line shopping, view cart, modify quantity, and delete products in customer cart.\par
Administration: You can easily add, edit, or delete your own products and product rates. On-line Credit Card Payment and Verification Responsibilities Displaying order reports in certain time to time. This site also provides full fledged on-line shopping cart functionality, where payment gateway is through Authorize.net. This site is developed in PHP & MYSQL.\line\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\tx720\b Administration\b0 :  A Long with that developed Admin Control panel for Creating New Products and rates, and admin users and edit, or delete.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\par
\b Team: \b0 3 Members\b  \par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0 Responsibilities include:\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\sl360\slmult1\qj\tx0\tx720\b0 Involved in coding, developing and delivery of the website to the Delivery manager.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Involved in the discussion in understanding the technical architecture along with the team.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Involved in the discussion of logical scenario regarding the application to understand the   architectural idea.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fs24\par
\pard\b\fs18 URL: \b0\fs20{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.agepest.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul http://www.agpest.com}}}\cf0\ulnone\b\f0\fs18\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0 Project #5    : SIDNEY MUSIC, Inc.\b0 , \b New Orleans, USA [Shopping cart]\par
\b0\par
\lang1036\b Client            : \cf3\b0  \b Lloyd, USA\par
\cf0\b0\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\b Environment\b0 : PHP, MySQL 5.0, Smarty Templates, Ajax, Jquery, CSS, Apache server.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\qj\lang1033\b Description: \b0 An online shopping cart for musical instruments. Customers can place bulk orders by selecting a wide variety of products either by browsing through the categories and also through a robust searching for their desired products.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\par
\b Team:\b0  2 Members\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\b\par
Responsibilities:\par
\ul\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj\tx0\tx720\ulnone Programmer for the development and deliveries of the website to our team of 2.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Integrated pay pal payment gateway to the shopping cart for online payments and \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj\lang1036 transactions. \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ul\b\par
\pard\ulnone URL:\b0   \lang1033\fs20{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sidneymusicworks.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://sidneymusicworks.com/}}}\b\f0\fs18\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0 Project #6    : POWER OF BREATH [Shopping cart]\par
\b0\par
\lang1036\b Client            : \b0  \b Anumalhotra,  ILLINOIS.\par
\b0\par
\b Environment:\b0  PHP, MYSQL, JavaScript,CSS, Apache server .\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\qj\lang1033\b Description: \b0 This website is related to Pranayama. Customers can purchase  Pranayama videos through online and online reservation service for pranayama classes.  Total herbal product details will be available in this site. \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\par
\b Team:\b0   2 Member\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\b Responsibilities:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\qj\tx360\tx1080\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj\tx0\tx360\tx1080\b0 Programmer for the development and deliveries of the website to our team.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Analysis of client\rquote s Website and Top Keywords Analysis.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Give support to the search engine optimization recommendations.  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl360\slmult1\qj\tx360\tx1080\line\pard\b URL: \b0\fs20{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.powerofbreath.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.powerofbreath.org/}}}\f0\fs18\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\b\par
\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\par
Project #7    : College Management (Product)\par
\par
Client            :\b0  Marvel Minds Software Solutions\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\b Environment\b0 : PHP, MYSQL, Smarty Templates, Ajax, Java Script, CSS, WAMP Server.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\qj\b Description: \b0  Marvel Minds College Management is a college management product. It deals with the entire college administration. All the works can be performed in this product like fees payments, exam schedules etc. There are mainly five modules in this product like Management, Staff, Student, Parent and Library modules. There are different user login types for each module. The user can login to the site and can access his module or account. Each and every module had its own specifications and highlights. The entire management product is controlled by the Manager and the super admin of the product. \par
There are different functionalities like attendance report, timetable, exam schedule, mailing functions which provide the user more flexibility to access the account.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\par
\b Team: \b0 4 Members\b  \par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0 Responsibilities:\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf6\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li720\sl360\slmult1\qj\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\b0 Debugging the system as per the changing and requirement.\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Programmer for the development and deliveries of the product to our team\par
{\pntext\f6\'B7\tab}Gathering the required information for the development of the product.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj\tx720\tx1080\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\b\fs20 Experience with Wordpress:\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\qj\tx360\tx1080\b0\fs18\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx360\tx1080 I have good expertise on Customization plugins. I have integrated plugins like Shopping Cart, Events, Blogs, Newsletter, and actor\rquote s photo gallery, Contact Us, Gallery, Polls, \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx360\tx1080  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\qj\tx360\tx1080\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx360\tx1080\b Popcornbuddhausa #1 : \b0  \cf3 Popcorn Buddha handcrafts more than 85 mouthwatering flavors of popcorn. User can order popcorns in On-line he can view cart, modify quantity, and delete popcorn products in customer cart.  User can find different flavors of  popcorns categories and he can find  different flavors of  popcorn products under  categories. Site also provides full fledged on-line shopping cart functionality.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\qj\tx360\tx1080       \par
\pard\cf0\b URL: \b0\fs20{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.popcornbuddhausa.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul www.popcornbuddhausa.com}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs20   \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\qj\tx360\tx1080\fs24\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx360\tx1080\cf3\b\fs18 Capecodflowerbox #2 :   \b0 Cape Cod FlowerBox produce carefully, hand-crafted window boxes.   The flowerboxes are exclusively designed. User can order  these boxes in on-line every  flowerboxes available in  different sizes based on the size of box price will change and user can give Box measurements  ( box height & width ) based on  measurements price also change.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\qj\tx360\tx1080\cf0\fs24\par
\pard\b\fs18 URL: \b0\fs20{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.capecodflowerbox.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul www.capecodflowerbox.com}}}\cf0\ulnone\f0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sl360\slmult1\qj\tx360\tx1080\fs18\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\fi-360\li360\qj\tx360\tx1080\par
\par
\b  \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\qj  \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\li7920\qj\b0                                                                                                                                                                \par
\par
\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1                                                                                                                           \b   \par
\par
                                                            \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab           (NAGU)\lang9\kerning0\b0\f5\fs22\par
}
 